Reorganisation of the Agent Log collection page (#6732)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/_index.md

Log collection requires the Datadog Agent v6.0+. Older versions of the Agent do not include the `log collection` interface. If you are not using the Agent already, follow the [Agent installation instructions][1].

## Activate log collection

Collecting logs is **disabled** by default in the Datadog Agent.

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "(Recommended) HTTP compressed" %}}

Reviewer: **Note**: Using long tab titles pushes tabs to an additional line. See the preview:
https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/nils/agent-log-collection/agent/logs/?tab=httpuncompressed#activate-log-collection

Author: I saw but its fine on my end as the TCP is on the second line

> To send compressed logs over HTTPS with the Datadog Agent 6.14+, enable log collection in the Agent's [main configuration file][2] (`datadog.yaml`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send compressed logs over HTTPS with the Datadog Agent v6.14+, enable log collection in the Agent's [main configuration file][2] (`datadog.yaml`):
```

```yaml
logs_enabled: true
logs_config:
  use_http: true
  use_compression: true
```

> Use the following parameters to configure this with environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send logs with environment variables, configure the following:
```

* `DD_LOGS_ENABLED`
* `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_HTTP`
* `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_COMPRESSION`

For more details about the compression perfomances and batching size, refer to the [HTTPS section][1].

[1]: /agent/logs/?tab=tailexistingfiles#send-logs-over-https
[2]: /agent/guide/agent-configuration-files
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "HTTP uncompressed" %}}

> To send logs over HTTPS with the Datadog Agent 6.14+, enable log collection in the Agent's [main configuration file][2] (`datadog.yaml`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send logs over HTTPS with the Datadog Agent v6.14+, enable log collection in the Agent's [main configuration file][2] (`datadog.yaml`):
```

```yaml
logs_enabled: true
logs_config:
  use_http: true
```

Use `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_HTTP` to configure this through environment variable.

For more details about the compression perfomances and batching size, refer to the [HTTPS section][1].

[1]: /agent/logs/?tab=tailexistingfiles#send-logs-over-https
[2]: /agent/guide/agent-configuration-files
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "(Default) TCP" %}}

Enable log collection in the Agent's [main configuration file][2] (`datadog.yaml`):

```yaml
logs_enabled: true
```

By default, the Datadog Agent sends its logs to Datadog over TLS-encrypted TCP. This requires outbound communication over port `10516`.

[2]: /agent/guide/agent-configuration-files
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> The Agent is ready to forward logs to Datadog. To start collecting logs, you should now tell the Agent where to collect those from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After activating log collection, the Agent is ready to forward logs to Datadog. Next, configure the Agent on where to collect logs from.
```

Consult the <a href="/integrations/#cat-log-collection">list of supported integrations</a>  that include out of the box log configurations.
</div>

> Check the specific setup instructions for [Kubernetes][3] or [Docker][4] environment if you are using a containerised infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the setup instructions for [Kubernetes][3] or [Docker][4] if you are using a containerized infrastructure.
```

| `sourcecategory` | No       | A multiple value attribute used to refine the source attribute, for example: `source:mongodb, sourcecategory:db_slow_logs`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `tags`           | No       | A list of tags added to each log collected ([learn more about tagging][9]).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
## Send logs over HTTPS

**Compressed HTTPS log forwarding is the recommended configuration** 

```yaml
logs_enabled: true
logs_config:
  use_http: true
  use_compression: true
  compression_level: 6
```

The Agent sends HTTPS batches with the following limits:

* Maximum content size per payload: 1MB
* Maximum size for a single log: 256kB
* Maximum array size if sending multiple logs in an array: 200 entries logs.

> ### Log Compression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Log compression
```

```

Or use the `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_BATCH_WAIT` environment variable.

> The value is in seconds and must be an integer between `1` and `10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unit is seconds and must be an integer between `1` and `10`.
```
